Let's take a moment to reflect on
everything you
accomplished this week.
You began with the
definition of N-Grams and
how to calculate their
probabilities from a corpus.
Then you combined the
N-Gram probabilities to
approximate the
probability of a sentence.
Organizing information
about all N-Grams in
the corpus helped you to
build a language model,
a tool that estimates the
probability of any sentence.
You also resolved
situations where
information about some parts
of the sentence was missing.
You handled this in several
ways: by transforming
your model to deal with outs of
vocabulary words using
special UNK word,
and by applying
several methods to
handle missing N-Grams
in the corpus,
such as smoothing, backoff,
and interpolation.
Finally, you acquired a
tool to help you choose
the best language model for
your task, the perplexity metric.
Now you're ready to take on
your assignment,
sentence autocomplete.
You've done amazing work
this week and I hope
you've enjoyed it.
Best of luck on your assignment
and I'll see you later.